#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via redis
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   outcome
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
blis==0.7.11
    # via thinc
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   rq
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.16.0
    # via weasel
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
croniter==6.0.0
    # via rq
crontab==1.0.5
    # via rq-scheduler
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
en-core-web-sm @ https://github.com/explosion/spacy-models/releases/download/en_core_web_sm-3.7.1/en_core_web_sm-3.7.1-py3-none-any.whl
    # via -r requirements.in
faiss-cpu==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flask==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
freezegun==1.5.5
    # via rq-scheduler
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wsproto
hf-xet==1.1.7
    # via huggingface-hub
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   trio
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   spacy
    #   torch
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
murmurhash==1.0.13
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
opencv-python-headless==4.9.0.80
    # via -r requirements.in
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytesseract
    #   pytest
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
    #   webdriver-manager
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytesseract
    #   sentence-transformers
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
preshed==3.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygetwindow==0.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrect==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pygetwindow
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   urllib3
pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==8.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   croniter
    #   freezegun
    #   rq-scheduler
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   webdriver-manager
pytz==2025.2
    # via croniter
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
redis==5.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rq
regex==2025.7.34
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
    #   webdriver-manager
rq==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rq-scheduler
rq-scheduler==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
selenium==4.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentence-transformers==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smart-open==6.4.0
    # via weasel
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   en-core-web-sm
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via -r requirements.in
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
thinc==8.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.4
    # via transformers
torch==2.8.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
transformers==4.55.2
    # via sentence-transformers
trio==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
typer==0.9.4
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   selenium
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
urllib3[socks]==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   selenium
urllib3-secure-extra==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
weasel==0.3.4
    # via spacy
webdriver-manager==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
word2number==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio-websocket

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
